docs: add reference to ossinsight (#18377)
renovatebot/renovate: readme.md

![Renovate Matrix](https://app.renovatebot.com/images/matrix.png)

> ## Who contributes to Renovate?

Reviewer: We already have a section on contributing. I think we should move this part there. 😉 

> ## Contributing
>
> If you want to contribute to Renovate or get a local copy running, please read the instructions in [.github/contributing.md](.github/contributing.md).
> To get started look at the [list of good first issues](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/contribute).

Reviewer 2: The OSS Insight page isn't purely about contributions though

Author: So maybe this is broad enough?  🤔 
```suggestion
## Who is the Renovate community? 
```

Reviewer 2: How about "Renovate OSS Insights"?

Author: Then it is decided ^^

> Renovate is build on a big community and actively invites contributions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renovate is built on a big community and actively invites and supports contributions.
```
